Updated topic content to enhance clarity (Fixes Issue #20) (#22)
EGA-archive/FEGA-onboarding: docs/topics/technical-operational/index.md

### Software

> A minimal Federated EGA node can be set up on your local infrastructure using the [localEGA software (GitHub repository)](https://github.com/EGA-archive/LocalEGA) and the associated [Readthedocs](https://localega.readthedocs.io/) webpages. It is not required to use the localEGA software suite, but it is a great option instead of developing your Federated EGA node software from scratch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A minimal Federated EGA node can be set up on your local infrastructure using the [localEGA software (GitHub repository)](https://github.com/EGA-archive/LocalEGA) and the associated [Readthedocs](https://localega.readthedocs.io/) webpages. It is not required to use the local EGA software suite, but it is a great option compared to developing your own Federated EGA node software from scratch.
```

Standard interactions between Central EGA and Federated EGA node Helpdesk staff have been developed into a set of SOPs. Follow these SOPs below.

#### Shared FEGA &harr; CEGA SOPs

The following SOPs must be followed as part of current FEGA &harr; CEGA node interactions during the submission process:

- [Federated EGA Request from submitter to submit to FEGA node](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1c5YfLqGjCmRlG0NF9lsuU6IWUrCq4u8Ug3Ye5xMrxtI/edit?usp=sharing)
- [Federated EGA Metadata Check and Release Protocol](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1v7l_ODdh-yxyhWl8Y8R3IZC2hEy5x8KgjBQmFyEyGgw/edit?usp=sharing)

> Here you can find more information about [data/metadata flow within the Federated EGA network](topics/data-metadata-management/#3-understand-data-definitions-and-flow).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[**Here**](topics/data-metadata-management/#3-understand-data-definitions-and-flow) you can find more information about data/metadata flow within the Federated EGA network.
```

## 3. Evaluate your implementation

- Understand the domains in which a node matures using the [Federated EGA Maturity Model](https://ega-archive.github.io/FEGA-onboarding/topics/maturity-model/)

> - Assess the technical and operational maturation of your node by doing a **self-assessment against the Federated EGA Maturity Model** (Coming soon!)

Reviewer: Is it still coming soon? Didn't Albert show it during our meeting at BSC?

Author: I'm not sure if the version of the self-assessment tool that was provided to the inaugural nodes is the final version that will be shared with anyone. I'll leave it to Albert et al. to update this point at a later date.
